Addressing comments from ST&CSM:

Call Notes:
Janssen call on the paper

sra data, sample sheet

soften prediciton language - replicated in an independent cohort?
what can this biomarker do?	
	what is a better phrase?- classifying  or associated with later response
	conjecture in the discussion - pat likes prediction can we do it in the discussion with validation in other cohorts <- hypothesis <- make clear we are thinking ahead making a hypo (Cal)\	
		"if validated its a path to application"



Line5:
Added Shannon's middle initial and Anuk and Carrie to author list

Line 12:	Subjects vs patients
I've corrected this in that I've tried to use subject when describing study participants and patients when talking about CD more generally.

Line 18: removed "induction"

Line 19: sigfigs
Not sure of the issue as this is 3 sigfigs (and/or 3 decimal places) and consistant for experimental values throughout document.

line21: replaced induction with treatment
Line 25: replaced induciton with treatment
line 29: added "and monitoring"
Line 32-33: reworded the text as described by strikethrough

Line 45: replaced strongly suggest with demonstrate

line 48-50 made suggested changes

line 52: changed "it is likely" to "we hypothesize"

line 92: made suggested change

Line 94: section in methods
Not everyone will read the methods so a brief description of the original study and response definitions is warranted for context in later results.

Line 96: changed "our" to "the current"

Line 98: redefining study definitions
reverted to RESPONSE instead of RelRSP per email with Shannon. Change should not impact overall conclusions but will verify and make apropriate changes where needed for altered pROC results that I have noted since the change


Line 109-110: wk 22 results
The week 22 results were not as promising as week 6 when subjects who changed treatments at week 8 were omitted. Adding week 22 weakens/obfuscates the story.

line210-217: made suggested changes

Line 212: "Do the predictive #s you got using clinical data alone match up with previous literature (i.e. previous attempts at predicting response to therapy in Crohn's using fecal calprotectin, CRP etc)? Would be worth mentioning."

Unsure and need to check this.

Line 216: "I'm a stickler. I'm not a big fan of this word despite it being used incorrectly all the time. It really means how a disease develops. These subjects have established disease so it really doesn't tell us anything about how it developed."

Agree. removed.

Line 231: removed pathogeneis

Line 237: Added breif line specualting on probiotic therapy with faecali following description of hte OTU

Line240: True shifted focus to threshold.

Line241-245: removed description of definitions since we shifted back to original defs.

Line245: clarified and emphasized research into biomarkers

Line 262: good point on chicken/egg -> removed discussion on steroids and increasing diveristy

Line 265: this is my hypothesis and I will state it as such so that it makes more sense

Line 276: added to concluding paragraph

LIne 288: made suggest changes

line 292-93: removed text as recommended 

Line 298: Changed to original study definition per shannon's email
